docs/source/installation/for_dev.rst, before:

Manim Installation For Developers
=================================

	This documentation is for developers who want to contribute to ``ManimCommunity/manim``.

Installing Poetry
*****************

Poetry can be easily installed in any OS by just running the below command.

If your system has the ``curl`` program installed, which is usually true in Linux and Mac,

.. code-block:: bash
	
	  curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py | python


If you are a Windows developer and want to use PowerShell, you can use the below command.

.. code-block:: bash
	
	  (Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python

.. note:: Poetry can be installed by other ways also, such as with ``pip``. See `<https://python-poetry.org/docs/#alternative-installation-methods-not-recommended>`_.

It will add it to ``PATH`` variable automatically. In order to make sure you have poetry installed correctly, try running:

.. code-block:: bash

	poetry --version


.. note:: You may need to restart your shell in order for the changes to take effect.

See the `docs on installation python poetry for more information
<https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

Installing System Dependencies
******************************

Please follow the instructions under :ref:`installing-manim` to install all dependencies. Then come back to this page to continue with the installation.

.. important:: Windows Users can skip the steps to install Pycairo.


Additionally, ``git`` has to be installed. For instructions see `Documentation
<https://git-scm.com/>`_.

.. _install-manim-poetry:

Installing Manim using Poetry
*****************************

1.  First, clone the Manim repo locally using git.

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		git clone https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim.git

    or

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		git clone git@github.com:ManimCommunity/manim.git

2.  Open a Terminal/Powershell/Command Prompt and cd into the cloned directory.

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		cd path/to/manim
    

    .. note:: This path should contain a file called ``pyproject.toml`` if it doesn't contain it, you would need to go a level up.

3.  Use the below command to install python dependencies. This will use the default python version installed.

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry install


    .. note:: Poetry will create a virtual environment rooted at the current directory.
    
    You can select the desired python version using 

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry env use <python version you need>

    For example you can use for python 3.7.

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry env use 3.7
     
    For more information about this you can visit the `docs
    <https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/>`_.

4.  Now you can activate the virtual environment ``Poetry`` has created by using the command below.

    .. code-block:: bash

       poetry shell
    
    Or if you want to run a single command use

    .. code-block:: bash

       poetry run manim -h

Now you are free to start developing on the Manim Repository.

Running the Tests Using Poetry
******************************

Once you are done with :ref:`install-manim-poetry`, you can run manim's test suite by activating a shell using ``poetry shell`` command and then running the command ``pytest`` to run the tests. 

.. code-block:: bash

   poetry shell
   pytest

.. important:: You should always run the test suite before making a PR. For other contributing guidelines, see `the guide for contributions to manim <../contributing.html>`_.


Code Formatting and Linting Using Poetry
****************************************

Once you are done with :ref:`install-manim-poetry`, you can run the code formatter ``black`` by activating a shell using ``poetry shell`` and then running the command ``black manim``. Or alternatively just use the command ``poetry run black manim``.

You can see linting information for a given file or directory by either running ``poetry shell`` followed by ``pylint <path>`` or with ``poetry run pylint <path>``. Note that unlike ``black``, ``pylint`` cannot make code changes automatically.

.. code-block:: bash

   poetry shell
   black manim
   pylint manim

.. note:: Here, the word ``manim``, as used in the commands ``black manim`` or ``poetry run black manim``, refers to the folder which ``black`` is to format. You can also reformat the files containing the test suite by running the command ``black tests``.

For example, if you have written some new example and want to format it and see lint information use the commands below.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry run black example_scenes

Commit message:

Mention poetry installation via brew. (#662)
I recently discovered that you can install poetry with the Homebrew package manager. This is not mentioned in the Poetry documentation, so I'm planning on adding this note there as well. Meanwhile, I though this should also be here.

docs/source/installation/for_dev.rst, after:

Manim Installation For Developers
=================================

	This documentation is for developers who want to contribute to ``ManimCommunity/manim``.

Installing Poetry
*****************

Poetry can be easily installed in any OS by just running the below command.

If your system has the ``curl`` program installed, which is usually true in Linux and Mac,

.. code-block:: bash
	
	  curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py | python


If you are a Windows developer and want to use PowerShell, you can use the below command.

.. code-block:: bash
	
	  (Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python

.. note:: Poetry can be installed by other ways also, such as with ``pip``. See `<https://python-poetry.org/docs/#alternative-installation-methods-not-recommended>`_. If you are using MacOS with the Homebrew package manager, you can also install poetry with ``brew install poetry``.

It will add it to ``PATH`` variable automatically. In order to make sure you have poetry installed correctly, try running:

.. code-block:: bash

	poetry --version


.. note:: You may need to restart your shell in order for the changes to take effect.

See the `docs on installation python poetry for more information
<https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

Installing System Dependencies
******************************

Please follow the instructions under :ref:`installing-manim` to install all dependencies. Then come back to this page to continue with the installation.

.. important:: Windows Users can skip the steps to install Pycairo.


Additionally, ``git`` has to be installed. For instructions see `Documentation
<https://git-scm.com/>`_.

.. _install-manim-poetry:

Installing Manim using Poetry
*****************************

1.  First, clone the Manim repo locally using git.

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		git clone https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim.git

    or

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		git clone git@github.com:ManimCommunity/manim.git

2.  Open a Terminal/Powershell/Command Prompt and cd into the cloned directory.

    .. code-block:: bash
		
		cd path/to/manim
    

    .. note:: This path should contain a file called ``pyproject.toml`` if it doesn't contain it, you would need to go a level up.

3.  Use the below command to install python dependencies. This will use the default python version installed.

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry install


    .. note:: Poetry will create a virtual environment rooted at the current directory.
    
    You can select the desired python version using 

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry env use <python version you need>

    For example you can use for python 3.7.

    .. code-block:: bash
	
         poetry env use 3.7
     
    For more information about this you can visit the `docs
    <https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/>`_.

4.  Now you can activate the virtual environment ``Poetry`` has created by using the command below.

    .. code-block:: bash

       poetry shell
    
    Or if you want to run a single command use

    .. code-block:: bash

       poetry run manim -h

Now you are free to start developing on the Manim Repository.

Running the Tests Using Poetry
******************************

Once you are done with :ref:`install-manim-poetry`, you can run manim's test suite by activating a shell using ``poetry shell`` command and then running the command ``pytest`` to run the tests. 

.. code-block:: bash

   poetry shell
   pytest

.. important:: You should always run the test suite before making a PR. For other contributing guidelines, see `the guide for contributions to manim <../contributing.html>`_.


Code Formatting and Linting Using Poetry
****************************************

Once you are done with :ref:`install-manim-poetry`, you can run the code formatter ``black`` by activating a shell using ``poetry shell`` and then running the command ``black manim``. Or alternatively just use the command ``poetry run black manim``.

You can see linting information for a given file or directory by either running ``poetry shell`` followed by ``pylint <path>`` or with ``poetry run pylint <path>``. Note that unlike ``black``, ``pylint`` cannot make code changes automatically.

.. code-block:: bash

   poetry shell
   black manim
   pylint manim

.. note:: Here, the word ``manim``, as used in the commands ``black manim`` or ``poetry run black manim``, refers to the folder which ``black`` is to format. You can also reformat the files containing the test suite by running the command ``black tests``.

For example, if you have written some new example and want to format it and see lint information use the commands below.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry run black example_scenes
